Update & improve `Beatmap information` (#14497)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmap_information/en.md

Author: probably add an image showing the whole noms/tags/packs section imo

Author: Fixed in [8e7cca2](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/14497/commits/8e7cca2e60b4107ae06bfbad33ac50c9e07c21f2) and [47d6551](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/14497/commits/47d65519e507ace14420f2803ea29b1359f0f860) (for infobox)

# Beatmap information

> ![](img/beatmap-info.png "A beatmap information page")

Reviewer: missing alt text

```suggestion
![A beatmap information page](img/beatmap-info.png "A beatmap information page")
```

> ![](img/beatmap-info.png "The beatmap information page of \"xi - Blue Zenith\" mapped by Asphyxia")

Reviewer: missing alt text. same for other images

> The **beatmap information page** displays various contents about a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap), such as its metadata, user rating, and comments. This article details the many aspects and features the information page has to offer.

Reviewer: "has to offer" sounds like you're making a sales pitch. not really needed

```suggestion
The **beatmap information page** displays various contents about a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap), such as its metadata, user rating, and comments.
```

At the top-left, next to the currently selected `info` tab, is the [beatmap discussion](/wiki/Beatmap_discussion) tab used for [modding](/wiki/Modding) a beatmap.

## Difficulty menu

> This is the main section of the information page, containing the most important details about a beatmap. The background is the cutout version of the beatmap's background image.

Reviewer: what is a "difficulty menu"? did it have such a name? this talks about the top part of the beatmap info page without referring to it with an image or anything

Author: > did it have such a name

I actually don't think most parts of the page have a special name but.. That's the original header of this article so let's just call it that.

> this talks about the top part of the beatmap info page without referring to it with an image or anything

maybe I should add a screenshot for it and remove the first screenshot because they are quite redundant

Reviewer 2: fyi this is called the header (you don't see it on my screenshot, but the whole area is highlighted when you select the HTML element in inspector)

<img width="1413" height="594" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e273b510-5c61-4614-b967-e615b10bd747" />

Author: i found the HTML location you mentioned but the hype train and comment system together are called "user-profile-pages" (which i fully understand because naming divs are hard sometimes), and even, the metadata part is called "beatmapset-info" but the "header" part also contains informations... so i think we should not refer to the css class-names here :)

<img width="1424" height="872" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/161f1f6b-be3a-4afc-bd5b-ca0b33fc64e8" />

Reviewer: calling it just a "header" is weird because you also have the site header right above it

<img width="2041" height="331" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b337e1bf-423a-46ff-abdd-b9845b2aaec3" />

Reviewer 2: that's fair, got a bit too hasty

### Mapping information

::: Infobox
![](img/game-mode-selection.png "Game mode selection")
:::

::: Infobox
![](img/mapping-info.png "Mapping information")
:::

> Users are able to choose for which [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode) they want to view difficulty statistics in by clicking on their respective icons in the game mode selection at the top-right. The number next to the icons indicates the total number of [difficulties](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) for each game mode. Game modes for which there is no difficulty available will be greyed-out. Difficulties mapped in [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) are automatically available as [converts](/wiki/Beatmap/Converts) in the other game modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users are able to choose for which [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode) they want to view difficulty statistics in by clicking on their respective icons in the game mode selection at the top-right. The number next to the icons indicates the total number of [difficulties](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) for each game mode. Game modes for which there is no difficulty available will be greyed out. Difficulties mapped in [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) are automatically available as [converts](/wiki/Beatmap/Converts) in the other game modes.
```

Next to this display are the total play count of the beatmap, and the number of users who have added this beatmap to their favourites. When hovering over the favourite count, up to 50 avatars of users favouriting this beatmap will be displayed. If the beatmap is in the [Pending](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#wip-and-pending) category, the nomination count will also be displayed before the play count and favourite count.

Beneath these numbers, the title and artist are displayed. Clicking them will automatically search for other beatmaps with the exact same song title or artist.

Then comes the host mapper's avatar and username, along with the beatmap's submitted date and last changed date (e.g. when the beatmap was moved to a different [category](/wiki/Beatmap/Category) or updated by its host).

Further below, the following action buttons may be present, arranged from left to right:

- **Favourite:** Adds this beatmap to the favourites section in the user's profile.
- **Download:** Download the beatmap. If the beatmap has a background video, the user can choose to download the beatmap with or without the video.

> - **osu!direct**: Download the beatmap directly in the game client without requiring to manually open the file. [osu!supporter](/wiki/osu!supporter) is required to use this feature.

Reviewer: is this true in lazer

Author: according to my friend's description, no. I will fix this thanks.

Author: all suggested changes fixed in f0dfba8

# Beatmap information

> The **beatmap information page** displays various contents about a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap), such as its metadata, user rating, and comments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **beatmap information page** displays various information about a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap), such as its metadata, user rating, and comments.
```
dunno just a suggestion (maybe because I don't like the word "contents")

Reviewer 3: *The information page displays information* 🤔

Author: might be kind of repetitive?

Reviewer 2: oh for some reason I have skipped the beginning of the line, feel free to ignore

![Mapping information](img/mapping-info.png "Mapping information")
:::

Users are able to choose for which [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode) they want to view difficulty statistics in by clicking on their respective icons in the game mode selection at the top-right. The number next to the icons indicates the total number of [difficulties](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) for each game mode. Game modes for which there is no difficulty available will be greyed out. Difficulties mapped in [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) are automatically available as [converts](/wiki/Beatmap/Converts) in the other game modes.

On the left side, right below the `info`/`discussion` tab selection is the difficulty section which lists every difficulty in the beatmap. The game mode icons are coloured according to the [star rating colour spectrum](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty#difficulty-and-star-rating). Hovering over one of the icons will reveal the difficulty's name, the mapper of the difficulty and its star rating shown below. Clicking the icon will select this difficulty as the active one, causing some of the beatmap statistics on the page to change accordingly. The mapper's name can be clicked to view their profile.

> Next to this display are the total play count of the beatmap, and the number of users who have added this beatmap to their favourites. When hovering over the favourite count, up to 50 avatars of users favouriting this beatmap will be displayed. If the beatmap is in the [Pending](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#wip-and-pending) category, the nomination count will also be displayed before the play count and favourite count.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if I'm reading too much into this, but this is a lot of text for a reader to go through and follow (maybe because I haven't written it) — I have an impression it might be significantly shortened. whether to do this or not is up to you, as I recognize the section was written by the previous editor for the most part

Author: > ... but this is a lot of text for a reader to go through and follow (maybe because I haven't written it) — I have an impression it might be significantly shortened.

agree but I just read it again and I found it hard to be shortened. Any suggestions? I'm willing to shorten this part tbh. But each sentence seems to appear for some reason..

Reviewer 2: yeah I dunno
my first impression is to go easy on the details and lose some, but that would amount to attempting the rewrite myself (which I don't feel like doing at the moment)

Author: I tried to shorten this part a bit. see e45a523. I hope this works :)

Also I have adjusted position of the first paragraph and the `mode selection` icons picture infobox. I think now this is better described.

temp preview: https://osu2.preview.roanh.dev/wiki/en/Beatmap_information

Beneath these numbers, the title and artist are displayed. Clicking them will automatically search for other beatmaps with the exact same song title or artist.

Then comes the host mapper's avatar and username, along with the beatmap's submitted date and last changed date (e.g. when the beatmap was moved to a different [category](/wiki/Beatmap/Category) or updated by its host).

Further below, the following action buttons may be present, arranged from left to right:

- **Favourite:** Adds this beatmap to the favourites section in the user's profile.
- **Download:** Download the beatmap. If the beatmap has a background video, the user can choose to download the beatmap with or without the video.

> - **osu!direct**: Download the beatmap directly in the game client without requiring to manually open the file. To use this feature in the osu!(stable) client, an [osu!supporter](/wiki/osu!supporter) is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **osu!direct**: Download the beatmap directly in the game client without requiring to manually open the file. To use this feature in the osu!(stable) client, an [osu!supporter](/wiki/osu!supporter) tag is required.
```

# Beatmap information

The **beatmap information page** displays various contents about a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap), such as its metadata, user rating, and comments.

## Navigation

:::infobox
![Info/Discussion tab selection](img/tab.png "Info/Discussion tab selection")
:::

::: Infobox
![Game mode selection](img/game-mode-selection.png "Game mode selection")
:::

At the top-left, next to the currently selected `info` tab, is the [beatmap discussion](/wiki/Beatmap_discussion) tab used for [modding](/wiki/Modding) a beatmap.

> The four icons at the top-right shows which [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode) is currently selected. The number indicates the total number of [difficulties](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) for each game mode. Game modes with no difficulty available will be greyed out. Difficulties mapped in [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) are automatically available as [converts](/wiki/Beatmap/Converts) in the other game modes.

Reviewer: four icons, so plural

```suggestion
The four icons at the top-right show which [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode) is currently selected. The number indicates the total number of [difficulties](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) for each game mode, and game modes with no difficulty available will be greyed out. Difficulties mapped in [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) are automatically available as [converts](/wiki/Beatmap/Converts) in the other game modes.
```

## Difficulty menu

![Difficulty menu](img/difficulty-menu.png "Difficulty menu section")

> This is the main section of the information page, containing the most important details about a beatmap. The background is the cutout version of the beatmap's background image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the main section of the information page, containing the most important details about a beatmap. The background is the cropped version of the beatmap's background image.
```

### Mapping information

::: Infobox
![Mapping information](img/mapping-info.png "Mapping information")
:::

> This panel lists the song title, the artist, the host mapper's avatar and username, the beatmap's submitted date and last changed date, and information for every difficulty.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This panel lists the song title, the artist, the host mapper's avatar and username, the beatmap's submitted date and last changed date, together with information for every difficulty.
```
More word variety

The game mode icons are coloured according to the [star rating colour spectrum](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty#difficulty-and-star-rating). Selecting a difficulty will update the statistics on the page accordingly.

> Below the current difficulty's name, mapper and star rating are the beatmap's total play count, favourite count — and nomination count if the beatmap is in the [Pending](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#wip-and-pending) category. When hovering over the favourite count, up to 50 avatars of users favouriting this beatmap will be displayed.

Reviewer: confusing punctuation

```suggestion
Below the current difficulty's name, mapper and star rating are some statistics about the beatmap, including the play count, favourite count and nomination count (where [applicable](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#wip-and-pending)). When hovering over the favourite count, up to 50 avatars of users favouriting the beatmap will be displayed.
```

Beneath these numbers, the title and artist are displayed. Clicking them will automatically search for other beatmaps with the exact same song title or artist.

> The name of the host mapper and guest mappers can be clicked to view their profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The names of the host mapper and guest mappers can be clicked to view their profiles.
```

## Rankings

![Global ranking](img/rankings.png "Global ranking on a beatmap and the top score")

If a beatmap is [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) or [Loved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#loved), it has access to leaderboards, on which players can compete against each other.

Four leaderboards can be accessed from the beatmap information page, those being `Global Ranking`, `Country Ranking`, `Friend Ranking`, and `Team Ranking`. Note that the Country and Friend leaderboards require [osu!supporter](/wiki/osu!supporter) to view. Each difficulty has its own leaderboard. Selecting one of the tabs at the top of the menu will also display the respective leaderboard in the score listing below. Clicking on one or several mod icons in the filter menu allows the user to show solely scores with that exact [mod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier) combination.

> The score listing shows up to 50 top scores, while the best score is highlighted with an enlarged score card.

Reviewer: missing blank line between paragraphs

```suggestion

The score listing shows up to 50 top scores, while the best score is highlighted with an enlarged score card.
```

Hovering over a score will reveal 3 dots at the right side of the menu. Clicking on the dots opens up a menu with 3 options:

> - **View details:** The score details will be visualised on a single page.

Reviewer 2: why the addition?

Author: because the new page shows more information about the score. i think this sentence isn't quite precise though. I'm fine with removing the addition.

Reviewer 2: I'm not actively against it, just felt odd to see it changed here

::: Infobox
![User rating](img/user-rating.png "User rating")
:::

If the beatmap is [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) or [Loved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#loved), the user rating will be displayed below the statistics panel. After passing one difficulty of a beatmap in osu!(stable), users are able to vote between 1 and 10 stars based on how much they liked it.

If the user votes 6 stars or more (positive vote), the bar will be coloured green, otherwise yellow (negative vote). The numbers to the side of the bar indicate the number of users that have voted either positively or negatively. Above the bar, a number in brackets shows the average number of stars from all user votes.

The rating graph below the user rating shows the proportion of votes for each star value.

## Metadata

![Metadata](img/metadata.png "Metadata section")

### Beatmap description

The [beatmap description](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_description) is a field editable by the mapper often used for...

- ...linking resources such as the background image's source or [hitsound samples](/wiki/Beatmapping/Hitsound) used.

> - ...recommending relevant contents to the song, such as its music video or the official website of the artist.

Reviewer: odd word choice

```suggestion
- ...linking to relevant media surrounding the song, such as its music video or the official website of the artist.
```

> - ...commending other users for their help (e.g. [guest mappers](/wiki/Beatmap/Guest_difficulty), [modders](/wiki/Modding), [storyboarders](/wiki/Storyboard).

Reviewer: also slightly odd word choice. this makes the affair sound rather ceremonious

```suggestion
- ...crediting other users for their contributions (e.g. [guest mappers](/wiki/Beatmap/Guest_difficulty), [modders](/wiki/Modding), [storyboarders](/wiki/Storyboard).
```

- ...trivia related to the beatmap (e.g. mapping milestones).

### Keywords

::: Infobox
![Metadata keywords](img/metadata-keywords.png "Metadata keywords")
:::

In addition to gameplay-related statistics, every beatmap includes metadata fields to improve a beatmap's searchability. Before submitting a beatmap as part of the [ranking process](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure), a mapper is required to add this information to the beatmap:

- [Genre](/wiki/Beatmap/Genre_and_language#list-of-genres): The song's main musical genre.
- [Language](/wiki/Beatmap/Genre_and_language#list-of-languages): The primary language in the lyrics, or instrumental if no lyrics are present.
- [Mapper tags](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_tags#mapper-tags): Useful keywords containing information about the song and the map.
- **Source:** The original media the song was produced for, or a piece of media the song is most known for.

The `Nominators` section is added as soon as the beatmap is nominated by [Beatmap Nominators](/wiki/People/Beatmap_Nominators) as part of the [ranking process](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure).

> After the beatmap is ranked, users are able to vote for [user tags](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_tags#user-tags) from the osu!(lazer) client. Upon reaching 5 votes on an user tag, it will be displayed in the `User Tags` segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the beatmap is ranked, users are able to vote for [user tags](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_tags#user-tags) from the osu!(lazer) client. Upon reaching 5 votes on a user tag, it will be displayed in the `User Tags` segment.
```

If the beatmap is added to any [beatmap packs](/wiki/Beatmap/Packs), they will be listed in the `Beatmap Packs` segment.

### Success rate display

::: Infobox
![Success rate display](img/success-rate.png "Success rate display")
:::

The success rate display visualises how many players were able to successfully pass the difficulty. Beneath the success rate bar, a paragraph shows the exact percentage value, along with the specific numbers of successful passes and total plays for the difficulty.

Below is a diagram showing a map's points of failure, showing at what points users failed their play. The higher the spike, the more players failed at that point.

## Hype train

![Hype train](img/hype-train.png "Hype train section of a Qualified beatmap")

If a beatmap is [WIP](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#wip-and-pending), [Pending](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#wip-and-pending) or [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), the hype train section is visible. Descriptions of the current status of the beatmap can be found on the left side of this section, while hype count and buttons are displayed on the right side. Depending on the beatmap's category, the description will be different.

> Users can use the `Hype Beatmap` button to redirect to the [discussion page](/wiki/Beatmap_discussion) and [hype](/wiki/Beatmap/Hype) the beatmap, indicating that they want the beatmap to be ranked. The `Hype Beatmap` button will turn grey and become unclickable after the user has hyped the beatmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Hype Beatmap` button redirects to the [discussion page](/wiki/Beatmap_discussion) where people can [hype](/wiki/Beatmap/Hype) the beatmap, i.e. indicate that they want it to be ranked. The `Hype Beatmap` button will turn grey and become unclickable after the user has hyped the beatmap.
```

If the user votes 6 stars or more (positive vote), the bar will be coloured green, otherwise yellow (negative vote). The numbers to the side of the bar indicate the number of users that have voted either positively or negatively. Above the bar, a number in brackets shows the average number of stars from all user votes.

The rating graph below the user rating shows the proportion of votes for each star value.

## Metadata

![Metadata](img/metadata.png "Metadata section")

### Beatmap description

The [beatmap description](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_description) is a field editable by the mapper often used for...

- ...linking resources such as the background image's source or hitsound samples used.
- ...recommending relevant contents to the song, such as its music video or the official website of the artist.

> - ...commending other users for their help (e.g. guest mappers, modders, storyboarders).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ...linking resources such as the background image's source or [hitsound samples](/wiki/Beatmapping/Hitsound) used.
- ...recommending relevant contents to the song, such as its music video or the official website of the artist.
- ...commending other users for their help (e.g. [guest mappers](/wiki/Beatmap/Guest_difficulty), [modders](/wiki/Modding), [storyboarders](/wiki/Storyboard).
```

:::

In addition to gameplay-related statistics, every beatmap includes metadata fields to improve a beatmap's searchability. Before submitting a beatmap as part of the [ranking process](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure), a mapper is required to add this information to the beatmap:

- [Genre](/wiki/Beatmap/Genre_and_language#list-of-genres): The song's main musical genre.
- [Language](/wiki/Beatmap/Genre_and_language#list-of-languages): The primary language in the lyrics, or instrumental if no lyrics are present.
- [Mapper tags](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_tags#mapper-tags): Useful keywords containing information about the song and the map.
- **Source:** The original media the song was produced for, or a piece of media the song is most known for.

The `Nominators` section is added as soon as the beatmap is nominated by [Beatmap Nominators](/wiki/People/Beatmap_Nominators) as part of the [ranking process](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure).

After the beatmap is ranked, users are able to vote for [user tags](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_tags#user-tags) from the osu!(lazer) client. Upon reaching 5 votes on an user tag, it will be displayed in the `User Tags` segment.

> If the beatmap is added to any [beatmap packs](/wiki/Beatmap/Packs), the pack(s) it is added to will be listed in the `Beatmap Packs` segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the beatmap is added to any [beatmap packs](/wiki/Beatmap/Packs), they will be listed in the `Beatmap Packs` segment.
```

Users can use the `Hype Beatmap` button to redirect to the [discussion page](/wiki/Beatmap_discussion) and [hype](/wiki/Beatmap/Hype) the beatmap, indicating that they want the beatmap to be ranked. The `Hype Beatmap` button will turn grey and become unclickable after the user has hyped the beatmap.

Typically, if a beatmap is [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), there is a `Report Problem` button beneath the `Hype Beatmap` button, which will also take users to the discussion page, but with the intention of reporting any problems that might have been missed during the nomination phase.

## Rankings

![](img/rankings.png "Global ranking on a beatmap and the top score")

If a beatmap is [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked), [Approved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#approved) or [Loved](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#loved), it has access to leaderboards, on which players can compete against each other.

> Four leaderboards can be accessed from the beatmap information page, those being `Global Ranking`, `Country Ranking`, `Friend Ranking`, and `Team Ranking`. Note that the Country and Friend leaderboards require [osu!supporter](/wiki/osu!supporter) for usage. Each difficulty has its own leaderboards. Selecting one of the tabs at the top of the menu will also display the respective leaderboard in the score listing below. Clicking on one or several mod icons in the filter menu allows the user to show solely scores with that exact [mod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier) combination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Four leaderboards can be accessed from the beatmap information page, those being `Global Ranking`, `Country Ranking`, `Friend Ranking`, and `Team Ranking`. Note that the Country and Friend leaderboards require [osu!supporter](/wiki/osu!supporter) to view. Each difficulty has its own leaderboard. Selecting one of the tabs at the top of the menu will also display the respective leaderboard in the score listing below. Clicking on one or several mod icons in the filter menu allows the user to show solely scores with that exact [mod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier) combination.
```

### Beatmap description

The [beatmap description](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_description) is a field editable by the mapper often used for...

- ...linking resources such as the background image's source or hitsound samples used.

> - ...recommending relevant contents to the song, such as its MV or the official website of the artist.

Author: yeah that's my mistake sorry

Below is a diagram showing a map's points of failure, showing at what points users failed their play. The higher the spike, the more players failed at that point.

## Hype train

![](img/hype-train.png "Hype train section of a Qualified beatmap")

If a beatmap is [WIP](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#wip-and-pending), [Pending](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#wip-and-pending) or [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), the hype train section is visible. Descriptions of the current status of the beatmap can be found on the left side of this section, while hype count and buttons are displayed on the right side. Depending on the beatmap's category, the description will be different.

Users can use the `Hype Beatmap` button to redirect to the [discussion page](/wiki/Beatmap_discussion) and [hype](/wiki/Beatmap/Hype) the beatmap, indicating that they want the beatmap to be ranked. The `Hype Beatmap` button will turn grey and become unclickable after the user has hyped the beatmap.

> Typically, if a beatmap is [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), there will also be a `Report Problem` button beneath the `Hype Beatmap` button, which will also take users to the discussion page, but with the intention of reporting any problems that might have been missed during the nomination phase.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Typically, if a beatmap is [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified), there is a `Report Problem` button beneath the `Hype Beatmap` button, which will also take users to the discussion page, but with the intention of reporting any problems that might have been missed during the nomination phase.
```

"will also be" twice reads weird to me.
